Jill knows we're here, right?
The invite said be
here at 8:00. That's it.
Look, she's been gone for three months.
I bet she wants to make an entrance.
Of course she does. She expects applause
when she comes back from the bathroom.
Well, it's our fault
we started doing that.
You think she lost all the weight?
Weight? Come on.
She didn't go to that place just
so she could kick her pie habit.
My bet, she has new boobs
and a neck like a baby.
She's already beautiful;
why would she do that?
Well, money makes you crazy.
That's why you and I are so normal.
God, I hope that's not her walking.
This is actually less
than I was expecting.
She's back and she's skinny!
Oh! Welcome home!
You look amazing! Wow! I'm proud of you!
Oh! Woo-hoo!
We missed you so much.
I missed you guys, too.
Wow, no scarring. Good work.
It's my same face, Bonnie.
One of the things I
learned at the retreat
is it's not about the outside,
it's about what's in here.
Couldn't agree more. Botox and fillers.
I am in a bliss balloon
not even you can pop.
Mm, you do seem happy.
I am. I am totally frickin' at peace.
Now sit back down;
I've got 20 more outfits
and a bikini I want to show you.
Look, I can run again!
-- Synced and corrected by ChrisKe --
-- www.addic7ed.com --
You guys sure you don't
want a bite of this pudding?
Butterscotch, the only
scotch we can have.
I'm fine with my lemon water.
I'm so impressed you're
totally off sugar.
- Me, too.
- You're my hero.
Whenever you're ready.
I guess we should pay.
Yup. Got to get to the meeting.
Yup. Before all the good seats are gone.
Let's see what the damage is.
That'll cover my part.
Your part?
Yeah, my share.
Oh.
It's just that traditionally
your share is...
the whole thing.
Well, in addition to eating healthy,
the retreat also taught me that
I need to stop using my money
to buy love; ergo, y'all need
to start paying for yourselves,
'cause I ain't no Bank of America.
Look, I'm a huge fan
of growth... go, you...
But a little heads up
would've helped me budget
my order accordingly.
Jill, you're right.
We're all perfectly capable
of paying for our own food.
I'm sorry if you felt like
we were mooching off of you.
- Which we were not.
- Here's your Reuben to go.
I had every intention
of paying for this.
I can feel you reaching into my purse.
Let me guess, this new tax deal
doesn't make us millionaires.
No, it's about the bistro.
If we average $15 apiece every meal,
that's $90 a week.
That's $5,000 a year
Jill's been covering.
You sure about that, Jethro?
You never were much at cipherin'.
Sure I'm sure.
I used this here number box.
It doesn't seem fair.
Why does Jill's self-esteem
have to come out of our pockets?
I know. We either have to
start buying our own lunch
or make Jill hate herself again.
Easy peasy. Just bring up her
ex-husband and their new baby
and slide a Meat Lover's
pizza in front of her.
We can't keep leeching off her.
Hey, it's not like we were
taking advantage of her on purpose.
It's Tuesday! Where's my free Reuben?
Well, this is an adventure.
I haven't carried a tray
since I was in lockup.
I love this concept.
Food from around the world.
Where'd you find this place?
Ah, the ultimate experts on cheap food:
broke-ass college kids.
I ordered a four, a six and
a nine at the Asian counter.
I don't even know what
they are; I just panicked.
Oh, my God, there you are.
I got trapped in a sea of
hoodies at the salsa bar.
Oh, you're gonna have to get
your own silverware and napkins.
Oh, I work here now?
Here, take my fork. I got chili.
Mine's already done?
Can a four, a six or a nine
be safely cooked that fast?
Okay, Wendy's our
canary in the coal mine.
If she pukes, gags or
keels over, we stop eating.
Okay, it's not the bistro.
The important thing is that it's a place
we can hang out and
talk after the meeting.
She's right.
So, what's new with you, Jill?
Well, I've been having
a little health issue.
I...
- Hello.
- 'Sup?
Do we know him?
These are communal tables.
Oh, dear Lord. Where are we, Cuba?
Somebody else talk.
Okay, well, I still haven't heard from
any of the law schools I
applied to, but I'm really...
Oh. That's me.
Back to you, Jill.
Fine.
I've been having a little trouble
Down there.
So, I went to my gyno,
and he said
the problem is bicycle shorts.
I'm sorry, honey, you're
cutting in and out.
Oh. Wheels up, Marge. It's go time.
My girlfriend was having that problem.
She's had good luck
with organic fabrics.
Oh, good, you're weighing in.
Turns out the four, six
and nine were all beverages.
- Mom, you ready to go?
- Almost.
- What are you doing?
- Eating a sandwich.
Then when we go out to
dinner, I'll just order coffee,
and people will feel bad
for me and buy me pudding.
Oh, my God, hold on.
Mm. Please tell me we won
Publishers Clearing House.
Get real, Mom. You have to have
a screen door to win that thing.
- Stanford Law School.
- Mm! Open it!
I'm scared.
I know it's a long shot, but
there's still that part of me
that thinks that maybe there's a chance.
Oh, I have that little part, too.
It's like how I think that one day
I might win an Olympic gold medal.
You know, something easy like luge.
What's it say?
They "regret to inform" me.
What?
Mom, they don't regret to inform you
that your dreams are coming true.
Oh. Honey, I'm sorry.
I knew the numbers weren't in my favor,
but my personal essay was so sad
I thought I might just be
able to guilt them into it.
My name come up?
You can't write about World War
Two without bringing up Hitler.
It's okay.
I've got other applications out there,
and worst case, there's
always North Valley Law School.
Go, Centipedes.
And I'll still be a lawyer,
which is all that matters.
I'll just hang my diploma in the garage.
- We don't have a garage.
- We don't have a garage,
we don't have a screen
door; what do we have?
- Each other.
- Way to kick me when I'm down.
So, where do you guys want to eat?
I'm willing to give
Christy's place another shot
now that I know how it works.
I went online and found a forum.
Are you out of your mind?
I had to bus my own tray.
My own tray. Tray!
I liked the chili.
It was comforting, just
like Mom never made.
On Monday, they throw in corn bread,
but you have to know to ask.
Marjorie, what'd you think?
Oh, um, I appreciate the fact
that Christy brought a
new idea into our world.
P.U.
Hey, you know what? You
threw us a curveball,
and Christy did her best
to find a compromise.
Was it an epic fail? Yes.
Are we gonna be less open to
her suggestions in the future?
Absolutely, but she tried.
Well, I'm really in the mood
for a Cobb salad from the bistro,
hold the ham, cheese, bacon,
egg, balsamic on the side.
Why don't we do that, and I'll
pay for Bonnie and Christy?
No, no, no, we're not
looking for charity.
Well, that's new.
What?
Never bothered you when I was paying.
Hey, we never asked you to
pay; you just started doing it.
I started doing it because the
check would sit on the table
for an hour if I didn't.
But now I'm done with you
all taking advantage of me.
Hey, get over yourself.
You bought me a couple of sandwiches,
not a Lincoln Town Car.
Oh, I'm sorry my personal
growth doesn't work for you.
Hey, if I had a spare
65 grand laying around,
I'd fly to a spa and
buy some growth, too.
Maybe we ought to just
take a moment and breathe.
Hey, stand down, Grey Gardens.
If Jill wants to grow, we
should tell her the truth.
Well, here's some truth.
I'm only seven years older than you.
Seven hard years, apparently.
I don't like it when we all fight.
- Not now, Wendy.
- You not now!
You know what? I'm skipping the bistro.
I got better things to do than
watch Christy yammering
on about law school,
Wendy crying for no reason,
Marjorie and her lame advice,
and Bonnie trying to
have sex with her pudding.
Well, I'm just gonna say it.
She was nicer when she was fat.
You know what else pisses me off?
Watching Jaws here.
Jill is proof that money is
wasted on the wrong people.
Look, topless girl wading in the water.
Uh-oh, what could happen?
I just don't buy this movie.
The chief of police has that
kind of waterfront property?
It was the '70s.
It was a totally different
real estate market.
You know what? You're ruining it.
I'll tell you what, if Jill
was in charge of that town,
she would've sold that house
right out from under him,
'cause that's what the rich do.
They screw the hardworking
little guy like me.
You're neither one of those.
It's just the injustice of it.
What do you think?
Me? I think this is something
that you and the gals would
have a lot of fun talking about.
I haven't talked to them in four days,
and I don't miss them at all.
Well, your only other option is
to relax and watch Jaws with me.
Sure. Fine. Great.
Is this where they came
up with "jump the shark"?
'Cause this is awful.
Ah, North Valley School of Law.
The time has come for us
to settle for each other.
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
Hey. Hey.
It's been suggested to
me by my loving fiancé
that I might like to get
my "bitter, angry ass"
to a meeting. Care to join?
No, I got work to do.
Okay. Just a heads up,
he's in there watching
Jaws like it's Zookeeper.
At least in that one the animals talk.
- Hey.
- Watching Jaws.
- I heard.
You okay?
I don't want to bother you;
you're watching your movie.
I can pause it. But don't tell your mom.
I wouldn't do it for her.
So what's up?
I didn't get into law school.
- Which one?
- All of them.
This was my last hope.
Aw, Christy, I'm so sorry.
This has been the entire focus
of my life for four years.
It never occurred to me I
wouldn't get in anywhere.
So what do you do now?
I don't know.
What'd your mom say?
I didn't tell her.
I'm too embarrassed.
I want to say the right thing, but...
I don't know what that is.
Do you maybe want me to
call Marjorie or Jill or...
What's that other one's name?
They don't want to hear
about me and school anymore.
Well, then...
That...
That's a real pickle.
- Pickle?
- Sorry.
It's okay. I'm just gonna go upstairs.
Here's something.
When a door closes, a window opens.
Thanks, all better!
- Hey. Jill. Alcoholic.
- Hi, Jill.
First of all, I don't know
who came up with having
a candlelight meeting, but kudos.
I'm sure it's all about
being spiritual and whatnot,
but I appreciate it on a day
when I didn't get to touch up my makeup.
Anyway, I don't usually
come to this meeting,
but I'm avoiding some folks.
Um, this isn't easy to share about...
... but, um, I have a lot of money.
I always have.
And I know that sounds great,
and it is sometimes, like
when you want to buy stuff.
But I've never been able
to trust whether or not
people were in my life
for the right reasons.
Like did my classmates want to
attend my 13th birthday party,
or did they just want to go to Maui?
I don't know.
I'll never know.
I thought I finally found some friends
who loved me for who I am,
but the second I stopped
picking up the check,
everything went to hell.
And I-I don't expect
you to feel sorry for me.
But you should 'cause it's hard.
Also, apropos of nothing,
I recently lost 115 pounds.
Hey, Christy, over here!
Oh, hey, Brendan.
Yeah, come on! Come on.
Over here. Come here.
Come on. Sit down.
Come here. Come on. Yeah.
Hey, what's your poison?
Uh, sadly, gazpacho.
I really wanted the chili...
Like, I needed the chili...
But they were out.
Cool. I'm kind of drunk.
Uh, but we're celebrating.
Uh, Jessica, Tom and
Leo got into UCLA Law,
I got into Berkeley, and
Leslie's going to North Valley.
Hey, what can I say?
It's a school.
Brendan, how did you get into
the most prestigious law
school on the West Coast?
Adderall and luck.
... and the wisdom
to know the difference.
Amen.
- Oh. Hello.
- Yeah, it's me.
Looks like we were
avoiding each other at the same meeting.
I heard your share.
It wasn't about you.
Entirely.
I guess one of the good
things about being poor is
I never had to worry about why
people wanted to be my friend.
Except of course when I had blow.
Oh, yeah. Everybody loves
you when you're holding.
I'm sorry about what happened.
And I want you to know
that I'd be your friend
whether you had money or not.
And I know you're mine,
'cause let's face it,
I come with zero perks.
Not a one.
Yeah.
So where did you get in?
I didn't.
Nowhere?
- Nope. You?
- Nothing.
Kicking myself for not
applying to North Valley.
They accept anyone with a pulse.
I am proof that's not true.
No way. You didn't
get into North Valley?!
Keep it down.
Sorry.
Well, in that case, I think that
you need this more than I do.
Hello?
Oh, hey, Jill.
I'm glad you called.
I just want to make it really clear,
I am buying Jill an iced
tea and a side salad.
The rest of you are on your
own, so order accordingly.
I kind of wanted to pay for Jill.
You do it next time.
But if you want to order
fries for the table,
no one's gonna stop you.
I want to make a toast.
To us.
Not being able to talk to
you guys was really terrible.
Tell me about it. I felt so useless.
I was so lonely.
Apparently, I became "irritating."
And I almost drank. Cheers.
Wait, what?
Sweetie, what happened?
Are you sure you want to know?
It's a "Christy goes
back to school" story.
Of course we want to know.
I didn't get into any of
the law schools I applied to.
- Oh, no.
- Oh, that sucks. I'm sorry.
Why didn't you tell me?
I don't know.
Shock, shame.
Oh, honey.
Um, we're ready to order.
And... could you keep the
coffee coming please,
'cause we're gonna be here for a while.
-- Synced and corrected by ChrisKe --
-- www.addic7ed.com --
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org